# codevisualization-client
Client that converts UML code designed for rendering into SVG/PNG files

First you should build the client with

```mvn clean install```

Next, you can copy the resulting JAR file to a destination of your choice and run the following command:

```console
java -jar codevisualization-client-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar -z 'C:/Projekte/codevisualization-client/src/main/resources'
```

The ```-h``` option provides a small help menu.

With the ```-z``` option, you need to specify the path, which is exactly the path where the ```uml.zip``` file is located (this file is generated using the corresponding IntelliJ-Plugin, please check the market-place and download the relevant plugin). This creates a file called ```output.zip``` that contains all the generated SVG files.

The ```-r``` option allows you to specify replacements to be performed on the code before the SVG files are generated. Let's say you want to generate Plant UML files drawn in handwriting mode. In this case you can replace existing settings:

```plantuml
skin rose
```

must be replaced with

```plantuml
skin rose
skinparam handwritten true
```

To achieve this we need to put a replacement that contains the newline, otherwise we could not get the desired result.

```console
java -jar codevisualization-client-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar --replace 'skin rose=skin rose
```

```console
skinparam handwritten true' --zip 'C:/Projekte/codevisualization-client/src/main/resources'
```

Note that we don't use closing quotes in the first code block. Instead, we press Enter and continue writing the second block of code. This will replace every occurrence of ```skin rose``` with ```skin rose (linebreak/new line) skinparam handwritten true```. It is worth noting that each PlantUML file (within the ZIP file generated by the IDE plugin) contains the line ```skin rose```. Otherwise, the replacement would have had no effect. So, to make custom replacements, you should take a look at the *.puml files generated by the plugin to see what could be replaced.



